fix: app must serve files from public folder (#51599)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/05-back-end-development-and-apis/basic-node-and-express/serve-static-assets.md

  );
```

> Must not serve files from any other folders except from `/public` directory 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your app should not serve files from any other folders except from `/public` directory 
```
